The Joe Rogan experience. And I just went on a riff right there.
But the thing is.
Isn't that what you do though? Like yeah. Yeah. One of the things that I,
when anybody ever talks about you to me, they, they, they say, well,
he's all over the place. And I say,
I think that he's got a different power source.
Like if you look at the way everybody interfaces with the world is if there's a
universal power, most people have like a 20 watt charger.
The way I describe you. I say,
I think that got like 150 watt charger and these ideas are just coming at them.
So you do go on these rants that sometimes need to be dissected into
individual things, but overall you're an incredibly productive.
So my question is why do,
why do people think there's something wrong with you, right? This is,
but I've literally legitimately, like you've been medicated.
They've they've put you away. Right. They've brought two men to men.
How did that happen? Well, I'll.
Say these two things, I think.
Uh, very.
Three-dimensionally I don't think in the black and white lines that I've been
programmed to think in. And I, and I think in full color.
So when I talk,
I have to describe a thought in five ways, you know,
we, we enjoy food that has multiple seasoning in it.
We enjoy music that has multiple instruments. So when I talk,
it's not a rent, it's a symphony of ideas.
And when you collect them, you say, oh, these are all these things that connect.
Yeah. You know, I, I,
I just tell the truth and telling the truth is crazy in a world full of
lies. That's simply it.
The things you're saying are crazy. None of the things you've said,
it's fascinating the way you think, right?
Because I can see that you're thinking and all these different layers,
and you're looking at things from all these different perspectives and they all
come together out of your mouth and like a tornado of ideas. Now,
if someone wants to just have a conversation with you back and forth,
I could see where they would go. The guy's crazy. Just doesn't stop.
He's just ranting. But what I'm seeing is just, you're a very thorough thinker.
You're thinking of things independently,
but you're thinking of things in a massive perspective now who convinced
you that that's bad. Is it,
have you always been this way or were you less,
was it less manageable before? Did you have issues with it before? Yeah,
I believe before.
I found Christ and gave my life to
God, I would try to lean on my own understanding.
And that's the universe is like a black
hole of information. What do you mean by your own understanding?
Meaning when people, as Einstein said, you're the smartest person,
what would you like to know? He, his Reinstein, his response was,
I'd like to understand the mind of God, meaning, meaning God is all knowing.
And we can only know or see. And for me as a visionary,
we can only know or see what God allows us to see and what he feels we're
ready to see and understand to,
to maximize what our Maslow's hierarchy of needs chart is.
You know, what sets our dopamines, what sets our serotonins off.
What makes us feel good, basically like, you know, we,
we did a good deed and it's like, it was somehow where, you know, you know,
just doing a beat for a famous or just doing a beat for, um,
a local dope rapper really meant a lot to me when I was 14 years old,
doing a beat for just anyone famous that had a major record deal was
a lot to me at age 19, me being able to, you know,
put out my own music and put my own. I was a lot to me at age 24,
meaning as I grow,
God sets new stages in the game of life.
For me that you get your satisfaction.
Like Maslow's hierarchy of need is like our satisfaction chart.
What makes us feel whole and, uh, accomplished as a, as a,
as a human being. So as I go through these different levels,
there's times where I would use confidence when I knew what I was doing.
And I would use arrogance when I didn't know what I was doing,
but I'd rather use arrogance than to let someone, uh,
diminish my idea of myself, because that is what keeps us going.
Hope actually keeps us alive. Anybody you ask, most people is like,
do you want tomorrow to come? And they say, yes, they, they have,
they have hope for it.
But I went from having confidence and arrogance to having faith and faith is the
opposite of fear. And that created this fearless approach that I have.
And that's what made now has made me the fearless leader
that I am,
that I've like crystallized into the leader that my
mom always knew I would be when kids followed me in preschool,
the leader that people saw when we changed the sound of music, the leader,
when we changed, uh, the, the sneaker industry, the leader,
and what we're doing with, uh, with farming and with, with shelters,
when I was building, you know,
the homeless shelters a couple of years ago and visiting parks,
and then going to skid row and understanding the, uh, uh,
the dynamics and empathizing with what actual mental health
issues are, not someone, you know,
telling their truth or being exhausted and then being labeled as
such like I.
So that's what you felt happened to you.
Like you were absolute truth and you were exhausted and they labeled you as
mentally unhealthy. Yes, absolutely. Am I saying this right?
That what happened with you is you feel like maybe,
or you probably feel like that having this higher calling and
recognizing this higher power was the glue that
kept your thoughts together.
They kept your mind straight and it kept you on a righteous path.
So instead of being scattered with all these crazy thoughts and being exhausted
and being labeled manic, right? Like we talked before,
and you were saying that they had you on medication,
but the medication with your creativity, it with all kinds of things.
Oh, it blocked my ability to channel what God wanted me to do. But we're all,
we're all on medication right now. Did you use toothpaste with fluoride today?
It blocks your pineal gland and they put children on it. And we put,
we put our kids on it. You know, we w it's inside the,
the deodorants that we use as all these things to create like a disconnect
to God to serve that. It's like, are you serving, man?
Are you serving the one and only mask.
But what did they tell you when,
when they said that they were going to put you on medication,
what did they put you on? And what did they tell you? One.
Of my favorite things that they did is they put me on this medication that made
me gain a lot of weight. And I said, I'm not going to take this. And they said,
okay, we got a medication you can take where you don't gain weight.
And this shows you, they were trying to kill a superhero slowly,
trying to kill genius,
trying to make me not feel like I could run for president,
make me not feel like I can go, uh, be born in Atlanta,
grew up on the south side of Chicago,
go into music going when all these Grammys changed the sound of music and the
look of stage performances, all that.
And then still end up in $53 million of debt. What the music industry has.
People go into the exact debt of the house that they think they're going to buy
after the tour is over. And it's,
and it's strategized is criminals all over.
Everyone's almost accounts in the music industry. It's not a safe place. It's a,
it's a treacherous place. So the.
Money, as soon as things are filled with money,
they're filled with people that are trying to take advantage.
Of other people it's filled with money bees come to honey.
Exactly. So they put,
they put you on this ship because you were exhausted. What did they put you on?
Um.
Um, you know, I can, I can research on Mac now.
I'm actually forgetting the exact medication that they had. Um,
but what did it do? Do you, uh, do the main thing?
What it did is
it destroyed my confidence.
It may be this shell of who I really am.
It like grayed over my eyes. It, it,
it made me, it made the Mustang not buck anymore.
Hmm.
They sedated you. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. And they,
what was the, the thought process behind it? When you,
when you talk to a doctor about this, what did they tell you was wrong with you?
Uh, they S they told me I was bipolar.
And I remember going on TMZ and saying, you know, slavery is a choice.
And they medicated me for saying that for having that opinion and
saying it out loud. But as I put those contracts up, I'm saying,
this is a choice as I, you know.
Uh, you didn't mean people being abducted and brought into slavery and put into
chains was a choice.
What you were talking about is people making decisions that would enslave them
financially and enslave their life.
And it was taken out of context and it was taken in the least
charitable way. And they decided to try to say, look at crazy, Kanye,
look at this saying, then they medicate you. Yes.
And the media has always taken anything out of context.
That isn't a part of the overall narrative. Yeah.
That, because there's, you know,
like Hollywood iMedia has control so much of the narrative.
And then he had silicone valley and that's,
what's so beautiful about one of my heroes, Steve jobs,
because there wouldn't be a silicone valley.
The Silicon valley wouldn't be what it is today.
If Steve jobs didn't make information
accessible like this, which is still a bit controlled,
but it feels like Twitter is the,
the safest fleet freest, uh,
mass platform to communicate on. And,
you know, it's like, they mess with Jack because of that, you know, you know.
Well, it's, it's still censored. There's a lot of issues now,
but I think that's internal.
I think that's people that are working there that are woke that want to stop
people from saying certain things.
And there's a lot of struggles with that today. And I,
it's unfortunate because I,
I do agree that it's an unbelievable way to get ideas out there. Yeah. So,
but it's also, it's a new thing.
And it's mismanaged by the people that use it often.
They don't know what they're doing or why they're doing it.
Yeah. Every version of anything that man has made will be flawed.
Episodes of the Joe Rogan experience are now free on Spotify. That's right.
They're free from September 1st is December 1st.
They're going to be available everywhere. But after December 1st,
they will only be available on Spotify, but they will be free.
That includes the video. The video will also be there. It'll also be free.
That's all we're asking. You just go download Spotify much. Buh-bye.